[CSS-in-JS] `@emotion/react` in `src/` (#5121)
elastic/eui: CHANGELOG.md

## [`master`](https://github.com/elastic/eui/tree/master)

### Feature: CSS-in-JS ([#5121](https://github.com/elastic/eui/pull/5121))

- Added reset and global styles via CSS-in-JS with `@emotion/react/Global`
- Added `EuiProvider`, a React context provider for theming and global styles
- Added `isDefaultTheme` and `isLegacyTheme` utilities

**Breaking changes**

- Added `@emotion/react` to `peerDependencies`

> - Deprecated and renamed as "legacy" the pre-Amsterdam default theme

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Amsterdam is now the default theme, deprecated and renamed old theme as "legacy"
- Re-organized Sass files including where the `globals` are imported from
```
